---
title: 'General Education Electives Reflection'
date: 2018-11-04
permalink: /posts/2018/11/gen-ed-ref/
tags:
  - reflection
  - geneds
---
List of my general elective courses, so far:
- RUS  375: Russia Today         
- HIST 221: Survey of United States History I
- ECON 101: Principles of Microeconomics
- INTST 235: Introduction to International Studies

GE1:
======
What are your current short/long term goals? You may include your “ideal” career in engineering or your preferred working environment.

My short term goal is to be cross enrolled in my masters, doing a thesis in Computer Science and focusing on Algorithms or Data Structures. My long term goals involve getting a job at a good company, which means self-directed teams and an environment that allows continuous improvement.

GE2:
======
What  have  you  learned  in  your  general  education  electives,  which  allow  you  to  formulate  and evaluate  engineering  solutions  in  problem  solving  and  innovation  beyond  the  technical  aspects  in problem solving? How do general education classes help you to think about an engineering problem?

I think most of the classes(other than econ) have taught me to structure and organize my thought and definitely kept me well-rounded; no matter which industry or country I end up in, I believe I developed some balance to help me adjust because of those classes.

I think that going through all those problem solving classes makes us forget the importance of other important skills, like communication and analyzing information. Whenever you're solving an engineering problem you have to be able to communicate clearly and analyze whatever information you have. Those classes will also help you put context to those problems.

GE3:
======
Relate what you have learned in general education classes to seeing beyond the engineering solution in problem solving and innovation. What are some other dimensions to consider and what impact do they have in an economic, global or societal context:
